>>> WELCOME BACK.
>>> WELCOME BACK. BILL SHINE IS LEAVING HIS ROLE
BILL SHINE IS LEAVING HIS ROLE FOR STAFF COMMUNICATIONS TO WORK
FOR STAFF COMMUNICATIONS TO WORK FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP’S 2020
FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP’S 2020 CAMPAIGN AS A SENIOR ADVISER.
CAMPAIGN AS A SENIOR ADVISER. THE "NEW YORK TIMES" REPORTING
THE "NEW YORK TIMES" REPORTING AS TIME WORE ON, IT BECAME
AS TIME WORE ON, IT BECAME CLEARER THAT MR. SHINE HAD NOT
CLEARER THAT MR. SHINE HAD NOT DEVELOPED A CLOSE RIP WITH MR.
DEVELOPED A CLOSE RIP WITH MR. TRUMP.
TRUMP. THE PRESIDENT FREQUENTLY
THE PRESIDENT FREQUENTLY COMPLAINED TO OTHER ADVISERS
COMPLAINED TO OTHER ADVISERS THAT HIS NEWS COVERAGE HAD NOT
THAT HIS NEWS COVERAGE HAD NOT IMPROVED.
IMPROVED. A DEPARTURE PUTS PRESIDENT
A DEPARTURE PUTS PRESIDENT TRUMP’S RELATIONSHIP WITH FOX
TRUMP’S RELATIONSHIP WITH FOX NEWS BACK IN THE SPOTLIGHT
NEWS BACK IN THE SPOTLIGHT FOLLOWING THE PUBLICATION OF
FOLLOWING THE PUBLICATION OF THIS ARTICLE, IS FOX NEWS NOW A
THIS ARTICLE, IS FOX NEWS NOW A PROPAGANDA MACHINE FOR THE
PROPAGANDA MACHINE FOR THE PRESIDENT?
PRESIDENT? RUPERT MURDOCH’S EMBRACE OF
RUPERT MURDOCH’S EMBRACE OF TRUMP MAY BE A BENEFIT BUSINESS
TRUMP MAY BE A BENEFIT BUSINESS STRATEGY, BUT AS JANE MAYER
STRATEGY, BUT AS JANE MAYER NOTES IN THAT PIECE, SET BY
NOTES IN THAT PIECE, SET BY SCANDALS, CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS
SCANDALS, CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS AND TALK OF IMPEACHMENT, FOX HAS
AND TALK OF IMPEACHMENT, FOX HAS BEEN BOTH HIS SHIELD AND HIS
BEEN BOTH HIS SHIELD AND HIS SWORD.
SWORD. THE WHITE HOUSE AND FOX INTERACT
THE WHITE HOUSE AND FOX INTERACT SO SEAMLESSLY THAT IT CAN BE
SO SEAMLESSLY THAT IT CAN BE HARD TO DETERMINE WHICH ONE IS
HARD TO DETERMINE WHICH ONE IS FOLLOWING THE OTHER’S LEAD.
FOLLOWING THE OTHER’S LEAD. WHEN FOX NEWS HOSTS START
WHEN FOX NEWS HOSTS START DEFENDING THE PRESIDENT, THEY
DEFENDING THE PRESIDENT, THEY LAVISH HIM PRAISE.
LAVISH HIM PRAISE. AND HE LIKES TO RETURN THE
AND HE LIKES TO RETURN THE FAVOR.
FAVOR. >> LAURA HAS BEEN GREAT, LAURA
>> LAURA HAS BEEN GREAT, LAURA INGRAM.
INGRAM. >> AMERICA IS BACK.
>> AMERICA IS BACK. IT IS SHAMEFUL AND BIAS THAT
IT IS SHAMEFUL AND BIAS THAT THESE PRESIDENTIAL ISSUES GET
THESE PRESIDENTIAL ISSUES GET SUCH COVERAGE.
SUCH COVERAGE. >> SEAN HANNITY HAS BEEN A
>> SEAN HANNITY HAS BEEN A TERRIFIC SUPPORTER OF WHAT I DO.
TERRIFIC SUPPORTER OF WHAT I DO. >> PRESIDENT TRUMP IN LESS THAN
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP IN LESS THAN TWO YEARS HAS GIVEN POWER BACK
TWO YEARS HAS GIVEN POWER BACK TO YOU AND HE AS OPENED UP
TO YOU AND HE AS OPENED UP FREEDOM AND LIBERTY.
FREEDOM AND LIBERTY. >> SEAN HANDY, THEY’VE EVEN GONE
>> SEAN HANDY, THEY’VE EVEN GONE ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL WITH
ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP.
PRESIDENT TRUMP. >> AND THE ONE THING THAT HAS
>> AND THE ONE THING THAT HAS MADE AND DEFINED YOUR PRESIDENCY
MADE AND DEFINED YOUR PRESIDENCY MORE THAN ANYTHING ELSE,
MORE THAN ANYTHING ELSE, PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT.
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT. >> THIS MAN IS THE TIP OF THE
>> THIS MAN IS THE TIP OF THE SPEAR WHO GOES OUT THERE EVERY
SPEAR WHO GOES OUT THERE EVERY DAY AND FIGHTS FOR US.
DAY AND FIGHTS FOR US. >> THEN THERE’S THAT RESOLVING
>> THEN THERE’S THAT RESOLVING DOOR GOING ROUND AND ROUND, A
DOOR GOING ROUND AND ROUND, A FOX NEWS EMPLOYEE AS THEY’VE
FOX NEWS EMPLOYEE AS THEY’VE LANDED JOBS IN THE TRUMP
LANDED JOBS IN THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
ADMINISTRATION. THEY’VE NOW LANDED JOBS WITH
THEY’VE NOW LANDED JOBS WITH FOX.
FOX. THERE’S HOPE HICKS AND THERE WAS
THERE’S HOPE HICKS AND THERE WAS UNTIL RECENTLY SEBASTIAN GORKA,
UNTIL RECENTLY SEBASTIAN GORKA, KIMBERLY WHO LEFT THE NETWORK TO
KIMBERLY WHO LEFT THE NETWORK TO CHAIR A PRO TRUMP SUPER PAC.
CHAIR A PRO TRUMP SUPER PAC. >> BILL SHINE BROUGHT IN EIGHT
>> BILL SHINE BROUGHT IN EIGHT MONTHS AGO.
MONTHS AGO. YES, IT’S THE FIFTH
YES, IT’S THE FIFTH COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR, BUT HE
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR, BUT HE HAD THE LONGEST TENURE AT EIGHT
HAD THE LONGEST TENURE AT EIGHT MONTHS TIME.
MONTHS TIME. WHAT IS YOUR SENSE OF WHAT THE
WHAT IS YOUR SENSE OF WHAT THE PRESIDENT HOPED TO GET BY
PRESIDENT HOPED TO GET BY BRINGING HIM ON BOARD AND WHY
BRINGING HIM ON BOARD AND WHY DIDN’T IT WORK OUT?
DIDN’T IT WORK OUT? >> OBVIOUSLY, HE WANTED SOMEBODY
>> OBVIOUSLY, HE WANTED SOMEBODY WHO HAD GOOD TV PRODUCTION
WHO HAD GOOD TV PRODUCTION SKILLS AND SOMEBODY WHO IS CLOSE
SKILLS AND SOMEBODY WHO IS CLOSE TO RUPERT.
TO RUPERT. I THINK BILL SHINE DELIVERED ON
I THINK BILL SHINE DELIVERED ON THAT.
THAT. HE DID KIND OF REINVENT HOW THE
HE DID KIND OF REINVENT HOW THE PRESIDENT WAS SEEN IN SOME
PRESIDENT WAS SEEN IN SOME UNIQUE WAYS.
UNIQUE WAYS. I DON’T THINK IT’S A CONSEQUENCE
I DON’T THINK IT’S A CONSEQUENCE COINCIDENCE THAT BILL SHINE IS
COINCIDENCE THAT BILL SHINE IS DEPARTING AFTER THE STORY IN THE
DEPARTING AFTER THE STORY IN THE NEW YORKER.
NEW YORKER. PERHAPS MORE TO DO WITH WHAT IS
PERHAPS MORE TO DO WITH WHAT IS HAPPENING AT FOX AND THE FACT
HAPPENING AT FOX AND THE FACT THAT IT’S GETTING PRETTY HOT IN
THAT IT’S GETTING PRETTY HOT IN THE KITCHEN RIGHT NOW.
THE KITCHEN RIGHT NOW. YOU HAVE THE FOUR SENATORS WHO
YOU HAVE THE FOUR SENATORS WHO WHERE HE A LETTER ABOUT ETHICS
WHERE HE A LETTER ABOUT ETHICS CONCERNS, ABOUT THE FACT THAT
CONCERNS, ABOUT THE FACT THAT BILL SHINE IS GETTING PAID BY
BILL SHINE IS GETTING PAID BY FOX AND DRAWING A WHITE HOUSE
FOX AND DRAWING A WHITE HOUSE SALARY AND THEY’RE ASKING, HEY,
SALARY AND THEY’RE ASKING, HEY, DOES THIS BREAK SOME LAWS?
DOES THIS BREAK SOME LAWS? IS THIS SOMETHING WE SHOULD BE
IS THIS SOMETHING WE SHOULD BE LOOKING INTO?
LOOKING INTO? YOU HAVE CONGRESSIONAL DEMOCRATS
YOU HAVE CONGRESSIONAL DEMOCRATS ALSO SAYING WHAT HAPPENED WITH
ALSO SAYING WHAT HAPPENED WITH AT&amp;T AND TIME WARNER IN THIS
AT&amp;T AND TIME WARNER IN THIS MERGER, WHERE ARE THE
MERGER, WHERE ARE THE COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN THE WHITE
COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN THE WHITE HOUSE AND THE JUSTICE
HOUSE AND THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT?
DEPARTMENT? THAT AND THE "NEW YORKER" STORY
THAT AND THE "NEW YORKER" STORY HAD AN ANECDOTE FROM GARY COHEN
HAD AN ANECDOTE FROM GARY COHEN WHO HE WAS TOLD BY THE
WHO HE WAS TOLD BY THE PRESIDENT, BLOCK THE DEAL AND HE
PRESIDENT, BLOCK THE DEAL AND HE SAYS HE DIDN’T.
SAYS HE DIDN’T. WE’VE CONFIRMED THAT REPORTING.
WE’VE CONFIRMED THAT REPORTING. SO THAT RAISES CONCERNS ABOUT
SO THAT RAISES CONCERNS ABOUT WHETHER THE PRESIDENT IS DOING
WHETHER THE PRESIDENT IS DOING THINGS THAT HELP FOX NEWS AND
THINGS THAT HELP FOX NEWS AND HINDER AT&amp;T/TIME WARNER WHICH
HINDER AT&amp;T/TIME WARNER WHICH OWNS KRN, SO
OWNS KRN, SO OWNS CNN, SO A RIVAL OF FOX.
OWNS CNN, SO A RIVAL OF FOX. AND THEN I’M HEARING THERE ARE
AND THEN I’M HEARING THERE ARE DISCUSSIONS ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED
DISCUSSIONS ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED WITH THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF
WITH THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK’S INVESTIGATION INTO
NEW YORK’S INVESTIGATION INTO FOX NEWS INTO INTIMIDATION OF
FOX NEWS INTO INTIMIDATION OF JOURNALISTS, INTO THE SEXUAL
JOURNALISTS, INTO THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT ISSUES, THAT ALL
HARASSMENT ISSUES, THAT ALL HAPPENED UNDER ROGER ALES, BUT
HAPPENED UNDER ROGER ALES, BUT SOMEHOW MYSTERIOUSLY CAME TO NO
SOMEHOW MYSTERIOUSLY CAME TO NO CONCLUSION.
CONCLUSION. SO DID IT GO AWAY?
SO DID IT GO AWAY? AND IF IT DID, IS THAT SOMETHING
AND IF IT DID, IS THAT SOMETHING THAT SHOULD BE LOOKED AT?